[BE-2911]: Added cache doc, and how to share files doc (#384)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/integrations/common-workflow-steps/build-cache/how-to-share-file-between-pipelines.md

---
title: How to Share Files between Pipelines 
metaTitle: How to Share Files between Pipelines
metaDescription: How to Share Files between Pipelines
sidebar_position: 3
---

import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

# How to Share Files between Pipelines

> With the build cache structure offered by Appcircle, you can share your cache files between pipelines in different branches. This file sharing will allow you to generate your packages faster in different branches and reduce your build time. Below is a simple example of how you can do this step by step. 

Reviewer: It may be better to use passive sentences:
```suggestion
With the build cache structure provided by Appcircle, you can share cache files between pipelines in different branches. This sharing enables faster package generation across various branches, reducing overall build time. Below is a simple step-by-step example of how you can achieve this.```

:::info

> This simple example will use our CocoaPods files in a different branch. If you want to use a cache other than dependencies, please refer to the documentation for the [**Cache Push**](https://docs.appcircle.io/workflows/common-workflow-steps/#cache-push) component.

Reviewer: It will be nice if add the CocoaPods link

:::

:::caution
In order to share cache between pipelines, the [**Cache Pull**](https://docs.appcircle.io/workflows/common-workflow-steps/#cache-pull) component must be added to the related pipeline.

> :::

Reviewer: Can you add a caution too for branches as follows? 
> As an example, master and developer branches were used, but you can apply the same operations in different branches. (please change it for doc)

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE2911-cacheDevelop.png' />

- After the build in the **development** branch is completed successfully, we are ready to use our cached CocoaPods files in the **master** branch.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE2911-cacheSuccess.png' />

- For the master branch, we first need to make our workflow steps suitable. For this, we add the Cache Pull step to the workflow before the CocoaPods Install step.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE2911-cacheMaster.png' />

- When you enter the **Cache Pull** step, you will see the **Cache Label** parameter. This parameter comes as `$AC_BUILD_PROFILE_ID/$AC_GIT_BRANCH/cache` by default. Here, the `$AC_BUILD_PROFILE_ID` value will remain constant since we are in the same build profile, but we will change the `$AC_GIT_BRANCH` value with the **development** branch name. The parameter value should be `$AC_BUILD_PROFILE_ID/development/cache`

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a caution too for cache label as follows? 
> If you use more than one cache for the same branch, you can edit your cache label accordingly (both of Cache Pull and Cache Push).  For example: `$AC_BUILD_PROFILE_ID/development/cache-1` or `$AC_BUILD_PROFILE_ID/development/cache-cocoapods` (please change it for doc)
